Source: SECP IPO Market Overview - IPO process, regulations, fund raising data, jurisdictional comparison

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OF PAKISTAN
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
September, 2022.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Disclaimer.
This document on Initial Public Offering (IPO) is prepared:
o To create awareness among stakeholders about IPO market and associated benefits.
o To highlight growing trend in IPO market during last couple of years.
o To provide brief overview on fund(s) raised by companies through local IPO market during the last five fiscal years
(FY17-FY21).
o To give a glance of local IPO market and compare it with other Jurisdictions.
o To highlight value addition(s) by SECP team, while processing IPO applications during the fiscal year 2021. Value
additions are being shared with the objective to guide stakeholders especially Issuer(s) and Consultant(s) in
drafting Prospectus and listing application.
It is not a legal document and is being published for guidance of the stakeholders. SECP gives no guarantee and
assumes no responsibility for any error or omission of the information contained in this document. No one can use the
information provided in this document for any claim, demand or cause action.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Index
01
Introduction.
i) What is IPO?
ii) Benefits of IPO.
iii) Fund raising through local IPO market- Last five years.
iv) IPO process and Intermediaries- Pakistan.
02
Jurisdictional Analysis.
i) Pakistan.
ii) Hongkong.
iii) Singapore.
iv) Malaysia.
v) India.
03
Regulatory Initiatives.
04
Value addition by the Regulator- IPO cases -FY 21.
05
Way forward.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Chapter 1
Introduction-IPO.
i) What is IPO?
Initial Public Offering (IPO) is the first-time sale of securities by the public unlisted company to the Public. It is one of
the modes of fund raising by the corporates to meet their financial needs. Principal purpose of the IPO is to raise
additional capital to meet funding requirements. Additional capital may be required for expansion, acquisition of
competitor, vertical integration, horizontal integration, working capital, modernization etc. Moreover, it also provides an
exit to sponsors/venture capital funds to achieve some liquidity on their original investments. IPO can also help promote
the culture of corporate governance and transparency with in the organizational structure. Common type of securities
offered through IPO include:
Debt Securities
Equity Securities (Term Finance
Shariah Compliant
(Ordinary Shares & Certificates, Commercial
Securities
Preference Shares) papers & Convertible
Debt Securities)
ii) Benefits of IPO.
IPO has diverse benefits for Issuers, Investors and the Economy:
Benefits for Benefits for Benefits for
Issuers. Investors. the Economy.
Additional avenue for Additional Investment Channelize savings of
fund raising. opportunity. the public in local
economy- promote
Promote the culture Provide easy entry economic development.
of corporate and exit opportunities
governance and to the investors Documentation of the
transparency- Positive -Highly liquid. economy and
impact on financial transparency.
health.
Attract
Improve credentials of International/Foreign
the company- Help to Portfolio investors-
obtain loan from Positive impact on
financial institutions foreign reserves and
at cheaper rate. exchange movement.
More business Increase in tax income
opportunities- local for the government due
and international to secondary capital
recognition. market transactions.
iii) Fund raising through local IPO market: (FY 2017-2021).
During the last couple of years, many companies from different sectors have tapped local IPO market for fund raising.
A total of 26 companies have raised Rs. 110 billion during FY 2017-2021. Year wise details are given below:
FISCAL YEAR NUMBER OF IPOS AMOUNT IN RS. BILLION
2021 10 56
2020 1 2
2019 4 20
2018 6 12
2017 5 20
TOTAL 26 110
12 60
56
10 50
8 40
6 30
4 20 20 20
12
2 10
2
0 0
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
seinapmoC
fo
.oN
)noilliB
.sR(
tnuomA
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Fund(s) raised through IPOs- FY 2017-2021
Total IPOs Total Funds Raised (PKR in billion)
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
iv) IPO Process Flow and Intermediaries -Pakistan.
Appointment of
Market Intermediaries
where applicable. Placement of
Submission of
Intermediaries (the Preparation of Prospectus by
listing
Consultant to the Prospectus and PSX on its
documents
issue, Share Registrar, listing website for
along with the
Underwriter, SECP, documents by seeking public
Prospectus to
PSX, Legal Advisor, the CTI. comments
the PSX for
Banker to the issue, (seven working
approval.
Book Runner, days).
DST/Investment
Agent).
01 02 03 04
05 06 07 08 09
Subsequent to PSX
Placement of
approval, submission Seeking dates securities to the Listing of
of prospectus to the from PSX for Publication of investors either securities at
Commission for publication of prospectus – through book Pakistan Stock
approval – Section Prospectus in English and Urdu building or fixed Exchange.
87(2) read with newspaper. version. price method.
Section 88(1) of the
Securities Act, 2015.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Chapter 2
Jurisdictional Analysis.
The purpose of this chapter is to look at IPO and listing requirements prevalent in different Jurisdictions and draw a
comparison between them.
i) Comparison of Pakistan’s Market with other Jurisdictions.
Based on the research conducted; we are of the view that IPO process, listing and other related requirements in
Pakistan are most conducive as compared to other comparable Jurisdictions.
IPO process, listing requirements and related information in different Jurisdictions are stipulated below:
a. IPO Process Flow-Jurisdictional Comparison.
PAKISTAN
Up to 16 weeks, Average Cost – 4.45%
Submission of listing
01 Appointment of 02 Preparation of 03
documents along with
Market Intermediaries Prospectus and
the Prospectus to
i.e. CTI, Book Runner etc. listing documents.
the PSX for approval.
04Placement of Prospectus by PSX 05 Submission of 06Seeking dates from PSX
on its website for seeking public prospectus to the for publication of
comments (seven working days). Commission for approval. Prospectus in newspaper.
07 08 09
Publication of Placement listing of securities at
prospectus. of securities Pakistan Stock Exchange.
HONG KONG
Up to 52 weeks, Average Cost – 19.07%
Sponsors to be
01 Appointment of 02 appointed at least 2 03 HKEX should be notified in
sponsors and other months before writing within five business days
professionals. submission of an of its appointment of Sponsors.
IPO application.
04 05 Submission of listing 06Vetting by the Listing Department
Drafting of the prospectus
application to the Listing and sharing of Prospectus with
and listing documents.
Department of HKEX. securities commission for comments.
Hearing by Listing Committee:
07 08Marketing 09
LC will review the application Placement/
and
and determine if it is suitable Subscription.
Roadshow.
to proceed with its
10
Listing.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
SINGAPORE
Up to 52 weeks, Average Cost – 22.67%
01 02 03
Appointment Due Pre-listing
of professionals. diligence work. restructuring of group.
04Preparation of listing 05 Review of documents 06 Receipt of
documents and Prospectus. by SGX and MAS. Eligibility-To-List from SGX.
07 Lodgment of prospectus 08 Public can submit 09
Registration of
on MAS OPERA website comments on lodged
prospectus with MAS.
for public comments. prospectus to MAS OPERA.
10 Issuer can launch offer and 1 1 12
Road Subscription
distribute registered
Shows/Marketing. process.
prospectus after registration.
13
Listing
at SGX.
MALAYSIA Up to 52 weeks, Average Cost – 10.95%
01 02 03
Appointment Structuring Due Diligence and
of Advisers of IPO. internal control review.
Mandatory-Pre-
04Preparation of documents 05 Submission Consultation 06Public exposure
including Prospectus for with Securities of prospectus.
submission. Commission and key
stakeholders.
07 08 Visit by regulators to 09
Addressing queries Appointment of Investor
the company’s key
from Regulators. Relations (IR) Company.
business premises.
10 Signing of underwriting 1 1 12
agreement (if any). Registra- Launch of Roadshows and
tion and lodgment of prospec- Prospectus. book-building exercise.
tus. Pre-marketing activity.
13 14
Allocation of shares. Listing on Bursa
Malaysia/Trading commences.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
INDIA
Up to 16 weeks, Average Cost – 4.93%
01 Hiring of 02 Preparation of Red 03 Filing of documents including
Intermediaries Herring Prospectus offering document with SEBI
(Lead Manager etc.) and filing of registration and Stock Exchanges.
statement with SEBI.
04In principal approval by 05 06
Public Comments
Stock Exchange relating SEBI Clearance.
period.
to listing requirements.
07 08 09
Roadshows Pricing Filing of
and Allocation. prospectus with ROC.
10
Listing.
Note: Average cost is calculated based on last two to three IPOs of respective Jurisdictions.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
b. IPO/Listing Requirements.
Requirements Pakistan Hong Kong Singapore Malaysia India
IPO/Listing Requirements.
Financial/ a. Profitable Track a. Satisfy any one a. Satisfy any one of a. Satisfy any one a. Post Issue
Quantitative Record of 2 of the following the following tests: of the following Paid up
Requirements years. In case of tests: tests: capital:10
noncompliance; i) Test 1: Pre-tax crores rupees.
additional i) Profit test. profit (S$ 30m), i) Profit test
requirements. Operating track (Profitable, same b. Market
ii) Market Cap/ record and core business Capitalization:
Note: Green field Revenue test. Management during the 25 crores
Project also allowed continuity of at profitable track rupees.
subject to certain iii) Market Cap/ least three years, record, trading
conditions.
Revenue/ record (3 years) c. Net tangible
Cashflow test. ii) Test 2: Profitable, assets: three
b. Ownership
operating track ii) Market crore rupees
Continuity: 2
b. Trading record record and Capitalization
years in case of
of 3 years. Management test (Market d. Pre-tax
continuity of Capitalization operating
transaction.
c. Management at least three (RM500 million), profit: fifteen
Continuity of 3 years, Market operating crore rupees
years. Capitalization (S$ revenue.
150 m.) e. Net Worth:
d. Ownership one crore
continuity of 1 iii) Test 3: Operating rupees.
year. Revenue, b. working capital-
Operating track 12 months. f. Track record: 3
e. Suitability: record and years.
Both the Management c. Positive
In case of
Issuer and the continuity of cashflow from noncompliance:
business must at least one the operating IPO through
be suitable year, Market activities. book Building
for listing in Capitalization (S$ method with 75%
the opinion of 300 m). d. No accumulated allocation to QIBs.
exchange. losses.
e. Core business
b. Healthy Financial – Not holding
Position. investment in
other listed
c. Positive cashflow companies.
from operating
activities. f. Management
continuity:
At least 3 full
financial years
or since the
incorporation in
case of market
capitalization test
Free Float 5%-25% depending 25% free float 12%-25% depending on 25%. 25%
on post issue paid (can be reduce to Market Capitalization.
up capital. 15% if market cap
>_ HK $10 bn.
Minimum 500 300 500 1,000 shareholders 1,000
number of each holding at least
shareholders 100 shares
Compliance Yes Yes Yes * Yes Yes
with code
of corporate
Governance
* Prior to listing, all debts owing to the group by its directors, substantial shareholders, and companies controlled by the directors and substantial shareholders must
be settled except Subsidiaries and associated companies of the Issuer.
Detailed jurisdictional comparison is available on SECP website and can be accessed through below link:
https://www.secp.gov.pk/document/jurisdictional-study-initial-public-offering/
?ind=1663240194990&filename=Jurisdictional-Study-Initial-Public-Offering.pdf
&wpdmdl=45736&refresh=63230da2098651663241634
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Chapter 3
Regulatory Initiatives- Pakistan.
During the last couple of years, SECP has taken number of initiatives to promote capital formation through IPO market
and make the entire public offering process more efficient and cost effective. Initiatives are listed down below:
i) Revamping of Public Offering regime.
a. Objective eligibility criteria for listing of companies have been revised to enable companies having a track
record of less than three years and profitable track record of less than two years.
b. Requirement of audited accounts has been reduced from 5 years to 2 years and processing time for listing of
applications has been confined to 15 working days.
c. Regulatory requirements such as credit rating, market making, information memorandum have been relaxed
for certain type of debt securities.
d. Objective criterion for listing of Green field projects has been introduced.
e. Enhanced disclosures including front page risk disclosures to enable investors to take informed decision.
f. Universe of CTI has been enhanced allowing Banks, DFI and Investment finance service license holder to be-
come CTI for IPO of debt securities.
g. Regulatory time for processing IPO/Prospectus application by SECP internal team reduced to 7-10 working
days.
Impact.
Regulatory amendment(s) has led to increase in number of listings. During the fiscal year 2021, 10 companies have tap
IPO market as compared to 1 company during corresponding period.
Although macro-instability has reduced the pace afterwards, but will gain momentum as soon as macros improve.
ii) Awareness Campaign.
PSX in coordination with SECP has launched awareness campaign to promote IPO market and other capital
market products. As part of campaign number of sessions have been conducted at chamber of commerce
and industry of different cities, universities, trade associations etc.
Impact.
Increase in number of listings.
iii) Spread discovery Mechanism.
To enable issuer of debt securities to discover spread through a competitive process, SECP has introduced
Book Building method for spread discovery.
Impact.
Recently, Government of Pakistan has raised c. Rs. 200bn through issuance of Pakistan Energy Sukuk-II by said book
building system. The issue was oversubscribed by 70% and profit rate determined through the bidding process was
minus 10 bps in relation to the six months Kibor. For the first time through the said bidding process, the Government
has been able to borrow at a rate less than the Kibor.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
iv) Automation of Public Subscription Process.
To increase outreach of an IPO, Public offering process for subscription of securities has been automated.
For this purpose, SECP in coordination with PSX has introduced PSX e-IPO system through which IPO
investors including individual investors, corporate investors and roshan digital account holders can submit
IPO application and pay subscription money electronically. Moreover, brokers and banks have also been
allowed to submit the IPO application and pay subscription money on the behalf of their clients.
Impact.
c.80-85% of IPO applications have been received through e-IPO channel. 5835 new investors have joined capital
market through e-IPO.
v) Online processing of listing applications.
To shift from traditional and manual method of processing listing/IPO applications, SECP in coordination
with PSX, has deployed an online system named “PRIDE”, through which Issuer/company can submit IPO
application, interact with PSX and get update/status of application.
Impact.
PRIDE has been operational and number of applications are being processed through the same.
It would help reduce processing timelines and act as one stop solution for IPO/listing of securities providing all stake-
holders including Consultant to the Issue, Issuer and the investors, access to homogenous listing status and approval
information.
vi) Enabling framework for SPAC.
SECP has introduced enabling framework for Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC). SPAC enables
investors/public to co-invest with sophisticated, highly experienced managers and benefit from the appre-
ciation in the share value of acquired units.
Impact.
One SPAC has been registered, however no transaction has been matured as of date. SPAC can promote merger and
acquisition transactions thereby creating synergies and promote economic development.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Chapter 4.
Value addition(s) by the Regulator.
(FY 2021)
SECP as an apex regulator of capital market has adopted disclosure-based regime for processing IPO applications.
Adoption of disclosure-based regime is based on fundamental principle of right to know material information about
the issuer and the industry; enabling to take an informed decision. During the fiscal year 2021, SECP has processed
10 IPO applications based on disclosure-based regime and has recommended certain value-added disclosures in the
Prospectus to the Issuer(s) and the CTI(s).
Value addition(s) are being shared to guide the stakeholders, so that quality of future IPO applications including pro-
spectus can be improved.
i) IPO case(s) processed during FY 2021:
Details of case(s) processed by the regulator during the FY 2021 and value addition(s) are prescribed below.
Strike Price/
Funds
Issue Size offer Price
raised
(Million in case of Date of
Name of Company Sector *CTI (Rs. in Method
Ordinary Fixed price Listing
bil-
Shares) issue.
lion)
(Rs.)
TSL
The Organic Meat Food and Personal Book
40 20 0.8 03-August-2020
Company Limited Care Products Building
Fixed
TPL Trakker Limited. IT AHL 58.3 12 0.801 10-August-2020
Price
Fixed
25 24-August 2020
K-Electric Limited. Power Generation Price
AHL - -
(SUKUK) and Distribution
Agha Steel Indus- Book
Engineering AHL 120 32 3.8 02-November-2021
tries Limited. Building
300 (Pref-
Engro Polymer and Fixed
Chemical AHL erence 10 3 31-December-2020
Chemicals Limited. Price
Shares)
65.8
Panther Tyres Automobile Parts Book
AHL 40 2.6 22-February-2021
Limited. and Accessories Building
Bank Alfalah AHL
11 Fixed
Limited. Banking Alfalah - - 28-January-2021
Price
(Debt) CLSA
Service Global Leather & Book
AHL 40.88 53.2 2.17 28-April-2021
Footwear Limited. Tanneries Building
Book
Citi Pharma Limited Pharmaceutical TSL 72.692 32 2.3 09-July-2021
Building
Pakistan
Book
Aluminium Beverage Misc. AHL 93.888 49.0 4.6 16–July-2021
Building
Cans Limited.
*Arif Habib Limited (AHL)
Topline Securities Limited (TSL)
Alfalah CLSA Securities (Pvt.) Limited (Alfalah CLSA)
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
ii) Value Addition(s).
Following disclosures have been incorporated in the Prospectus by the respective Issuer/CTI on the direction
of the Commission.
a. Background/History/Company/Industry Overview.
1. Business operations and group details:
Nature of business of Associated Companies and operational status.
o
Group structure of the Company.
o
Rationale for merger/demerger/acquisition transaction, if any before the IPO.
o
Name of projects successfully executed by the Company.
o
Geographical presence - office.
o
2. Manufacturing process and Capacity Utilization:
Manufacturing process flow of company’s products.
o
Explanation of different processes involved in the manufacturing process.
o
Raw material being used and quantity of raw material used to produce finished goods.
o
Name of different by-products produced during the manufacturing process, if any and their potential
o
usage (Used internally or sold to external parties).
Capacity utilization.
o
Name of Product Current Capacity Actual Production Capacity Utilization
2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019
Date of commencement of business for each product type.
o
Usage of Company’s products and end users.
o
Rationale for underutilization of capacity, if any.
o
Justification of expansion project considering capacity utilization.
o
3. Plant and Machinery/CAPEX:
Details relating to fuel and power needs of the Plant.
o
Vendors of the existing plant and machinery.
o
Brief profile of vendors of existing plant and machinery, if possible.
o
Utilization of fund(s) raised during recent one year either through debt or equity.
o
Capex required for commissioning of different additional projects and source of funding.
o
Date of financing agreement with different financial institutions and current status.
o
4. Break down of Revenue/Profitability:
Gross profit margin of different product types.
o
Bifurcation of revenue with respect to customers for the last three years.
o
Revenue
Name of Customer/Product
FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2021
type
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Rationale for decline in sale of product, if any.
o
Demand analysis of new product to be launched.
o
Marketing strategy adopted for sale of products.
o
Market trends over past three years.
o
Breakdown of revenue with respect to different product type and markets.
o
Breakdown of revenue with respect to institutional and retail customer.
o
Country wise bifurcation of export sales.
o
Geographical presence – revenue.
o
5. Customers and Suppliers:
Name of major customers and distributors of the company along with nature of relationship, if any.
o
Name of suppliers from whom the company has procured raw material during the last three years.
o
Agreement with suppliers(s) of existing plant and machinery, if any.
o
Nature/status of agreement with customers and suppliers.
o
6. Market Competition/Peer Group Comparison/Industry overview:
Type and quality of products being produced by peer group companies.
o
Market share of peer group companies.
o
Name of comparable peer company Market Share
Market share of Industry- segment wise:
o
Name of segment Market Share
Local production.
Imported
Grey Market
Demand of product in international market and its competitiveness.
o
Major countries that are importing and exporting subject product.
o
Peer Group Comparison:
o
Peer Group Company 1 Peer Group Company 2 Peer Group Company 3
Revenue
Gross Profit Margin
Net Profit Margin
Profit After tax
EPS
BVPS
Debt to Equity ratio.
Effects of Pandemic or other regional/international issue on subject industry.
o
7. Material Property:
Area and type of land (lease hold or freehold).
o
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
8. License/Approvals:
Details of license/approvals obtained by the company for commencement of operations.
o
Details of approval, if any required for repatriation of funds.
o
Details of approval, if any required for exporting product.
o
9. Taxation/Duties and Litigation:
Tax exemption, if any available to the company.
o
Details of legal proceedings in tabular form, giving a clear picture of parties involved, tax period, cur-
o
rent status and financial impact.
Antidumping duty imposed and its validity period -SRO number(s) and issuing authority.
o
Import duties on raw material and finished good- SRO number(s) and issuing authority.
o
Special relief, if any granted by the government.
o
10. Borrowing details-Related party.
Details of loan obtained from parent or group companies or related parties or otherwise.
o
Details of settlement of loan against assets of company, if any.
o
11. Environmental and labor issues:
Compliance with Labour and Environmental Policies, if any.
o
b. Purpose of the Issue and Utilization of Proceeds.
1. Post expansion capacities:
Pre and Post expansion production capacities.
o
Post Expansion
Particulars Current Capacity Increase (%)
Capacity.
2. Project cost and utilization:
Break up of entire project cost and utilization of IPO proceeds.
o
Sources Expenditure Head
Particular PKR Particular PKR %
IPO
Other sources (debt
financing/Equity
Injection)
Total
Utilization of excess IPO funds, if any.
o
Status of funds received from Pre-IPO Investors.
o
Basis of estimation of project cost including civil works.
o
Funds already deployed/utilized for implementation of the expansion project.
o
Status of equity injection by other parties in the expansion project.
o
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
3. Property, Plant and Machinery (In case purpose is to utilize IPO funds for procurement of plant and
machinery).
Location and area of the land relating to new proposed project.
o
Quantity of Plant and Machinery delivered in percentage and value terms.
o
Rationale for importing/purchasing second hand plant and machinery, if any.
o
In case of second-hand machinery, details in tabular form as per following format:
o
Type of equipment
Cost of equipment
Supplier of the equipment
Age of the equipment
Expected useful life of the equipment.
Date of order placement
Date of delivery
Date of payment
The percentage and value terms of the equipment delivered.
o
The percentage and value terms of the equipment for which orders are yet to be placed.
o
Country origin of company supplying Plant and Machinery and other contractors.
o
Financial details and brief information relating to supplier of Plant and Machinery.
o
Rationale for setting up subject unit.
o
Tentative date for commencement of new production line.
o
4. Agreements/letter of credit:
Status of letter of credit(s) for import of Plant and Machinery, if any
o
Status of agreement with supplier for procurement of Plant and Machinery and main features of agree-
o
ment.
Details of any technical agreement or support services.
o
c. Financial Performance.
Auditor Certificate on Director’s Loan.
o
Incorporation of different financial ratios and commentary on financial abnormalities.
o
Compliance status with requirements of financial covenants.
o
Trend in share capital over the last few years.
o
No of shares issued Consideration Total value Date of Issuance/Allotment.
Trend in cash flow position over the last few years.
o
d. Risk Disclosures.
Risks emanating from the following:
1. Dependence on few customer/Supplier/products/technologies:
o Dependence of Company on one or two major products or services.
o Customer Concentration risk: 50% or more of company’s revenue is coming from one or two major
customer.
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
o Dependence of company heavily on technology and is subject to risk of obsolesce impacting profit-
ability.
o Majority of customers have not continued to purchase company’s product during last couple of years.
2. License/regulatory Approvals:
o Necessary approvals are not in place and are required for continuity or initiation of the business/proj-
ect.
3. Regulatory duties:
o Business continuity/profitability is highly dependent on the regulatory protection provided by the Gov-
ernment in form of duties or anti-dumping duties.
4. Financial performance:
o Company is not profitable during the last two years- Incorporation of loss-making disclosure as speci-
fied in the Public Offering Regulations, 2017.
o Cash flow from operations is negative.
o Flexible credit sale policy and poor recovery mechanism- High Receivable Turnover (days) or high
bad debts.
o Audited financial information of the entity formed as the result of merger or acquisition transaction is
not available or is older than eight months.
o Financial covenant imposed by the financiers, restricting distribution of the dividend.
o Ability of the Company to properly service its debt and financial commitment.
5. Non-recurring items/transactions:
o Exaggerated EPS or BVPS due to non-recurring items.
6. Capital Structure:
o Low debt to equity ratio due to revaluation surplus.
7. Manufacturing process/Capacity Utilization:
o Enhancement of production capacity of product that is currently underperforming.
8. Supply Chain:
o Majority of raw material is imported from other countries and is subject to supply chain risk.
9. Agreements:
No agreement with major customers, suppliers and distribution partners or short-term agreement with
o
major customers, suppliers and distribution partners.
No agreement in place with suppliers(s) of Plant and Machinery, which may cause delay in commis-
o
sioning the project.
No EPC/Turnkey contractor for implementation of the expansion project.
o
10. Litigation:
No provisioning relating to different litigation amount.
o
Pending legal proceedings having substantial financial impact.
o
11. Market conditions/Pandemic:
Delay in commissioning of the Project due to pandemic or unforeseen circumstances.
o
Increase in market interest rates and underlying inflation impacting return and instrument value.
o
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
12. Transaction Structure:
Unique transaction structure involving utilization of IPO proceeds for investment in associated green
o
field project.
Unique transaction structure that involve raising funds, in addition to the IPO from associated concerns
o
or related parties through right or other than right issue for investment in project.
13. Experience:
Tapping new markets and segments without any past experience/expertise or formal commitment.
o
e. Other Disclosures.
Undertaking by the CTI that they have examined the business model and audited financial statement of the
o
company and based on same all material information has been disclosed.
Updated information relating to E-IPO facilities.
o
Interest of Sponsor/director.
o
Role and Responsibilities of Audit Committee.
o
Profile of the independent director.
o
Name of underwriters and amount underwritten by each.
o
Public Subscription form as per seventh schedule of the Public Offering Regulations, 2017.
o
Reports as required under section 2 of first schedule of the Public Offering Regulations, 2017.
o
IPO- Market.
Overview and Regulatory Initiatives.
Chapter 5.
Way forward.
SECP will publish paper on IPO market on yearly basis. The purpose is to give stakeholders a glimpse of fund raising
through IPO market, recent regulatory and technological developments, global developments evolving IPO market
and future plans and events.